WALSH:
So this is what it is.
Talking about
communication.
Talking about language.
Not the same thing.
It's about
inspiration,
not the idea,
but the moment
before the idea,
when it's total.
When it blossoms in your mind
and connects to everything.
It's about the thoughts
and experiences
that we don't
have a word for.
A demonstration.
Buffy Summers.
(students murmuring)
Come on down to
the front here.
A typical
college girl,
one assumes.
Lie down on my desk.
What?
Go ahead. You're perfectly safe.
(students murmuring)
Riley, if you could oblige.
A demonstration, right?
Be a good boy.
This feels very strange.
Don't worry. If I kiss you,
it'll make the sun go down.
(whooshing, wind whistling)
See?
Fortune favors the brave.
(little girl humming)
Do you hear that?
* Can't even shout,
can't even cry *
* The gentlemen are coming by
* Looking in windows,
knocking on doors *
* They need to take seven,
and they might take yours *
* Can't call to Mom,
can't say a word *
* You're gonna die screaming,
but you won't be heard... *
WALSH:
So I'll see you
all on Monday
for a final
review session.
WILLOW:
Man, that was an
exciting class.
Huh?
Oh, yeah. Wow.
Uh. And the last 20 minutes--
it was a revelation.
Just laid out
everything we need
to know for the final.
I'd hate to have missed that.
Just tell me
I didn't snore.
Very discreet.
Minimal drool.
Oh, yay.
So, were you dreaming?
Yeah. And it was
kind of intense.
Intense. Really? 'Cause
you seemed so peaceful.
Of course, it was only
for a moment.
Right. Hey, you guys
headed over toward Judd?
Uh, student center.
Oh, great. So, this dream?
You know, you guys go.
I'm gonna do the thing.
So I'll see you
after Wicca group.
Okay. Bye.
Bye. So tell me about your
dream.
As a psych major,
I'm qualified to go, "Hmm."
I don't really remember it.
Well, did I appear
at all in this dream?
There might've been a cameo.
Is that right?
Maybe more like
a featured role.
RILEY:
Romantic lead?
BUFFY:
I'm not saying a word.
So what have you got
going on tonight?
Oh, patrolling.
Patrolling?
(bells tolling)
Uh, petroleum.
Petroleum?
Uh-huh.
Tonight you have crude oil?
And homework.
Hmm.
What about you?
Oh, you know,
grading papers.
Ah, that'll be fun.
Not petroleum fun,
but it passes the time.
So, I, uh...
Yeah.
I guess I won't see you until...
What papers?
Papers?
Um, grading what papers?
We only have the final.
Oh, yeah. Um... no, I...
Late. Late papers
I got to look at.
Oh, okay.
Neat.
So, uh...
Class.
I'll see you then, huh?
Yeah.
Fortune favors the brave.
(wolf howling)
*
"Can't even shout,
can't even cry.
The gentlemen are coming by."
It sounds vaguely familiar.
You sure it's nothing you heard
when you were a child?
All right. Nothing else?
Well, it-it could, um,
definitely be one
of your prophetic dreams,
or it could just be the eternal
mystery that is your brain.
Look, I'll-I'll check it out,
and, um, I'll let you know
if I find something.
All right, bye-bye.
Have you heard of a group
called "The Gentlemen"?
Group of what?
The Gentlemen.
Don't know.
You certain?
No. We're out of Weetabix.
We are out of Weetabix
because you ate it all again.
Get some more.
(sighs)
I thought vampires
were supposed to eat blood.
Yeah, well, sometimes
I like to crumble up
the Weetabix in the blood.
Gives it a little texture.
Since the picture
you just painted
means that I will never
touch food of any kind again,
you'll just have to
pick it up yourself.
Sissy.
I don't get where this
is coming from.
Well, what am I
supposed to think?
Well, how could say
I'm using you?
You don't care
about what I think.
You don't ask about my day.
You really did turn into
a real girl, didn't you?
See? And you make
jokes during my pain.
You don't care
about me at all.
I care about you.
How much?
What do I mean to you?
I...
We, you know, we spend...
We'll talk about it later.
Well, I think we should
talk about it now.
Thank you for
knocking.
If you don't know
how I feel about...
I don't. This isn't
a relationship.
You don't need me.
All you care about
is lots of orgasms.
Okay, remember how we talked
about private conversations?
How they're less private when
they're in front of my friends?
SPIKE:
Oh, we're not
your friends.
Go on.
Please don't.
This is important.
Yes, but why is it here?
Mom said you wanted me
to swing by.
Oh, well, yes.
Well, I meant, uh, after sunset.
Um, I need you to take
Spike for a few days.
What?
I'm not staying with him.
I have
a friend who's coming to town,
and I'd like us to be alone.
Oh, you mean an orgasm friend?
Yes, that's exactly
the most appalling thing
you could've said.
He's not roaming around.
If he stays with me,
he's gonna get tied up again.
What about us,
our romantic evening?
SPIKE:
I'm not having
these two shag
while I'm tied to a
chair three feet away.
XANDER:
That's not exactly
one of my fantasies, either.
ANYA:
So you're blowing off
our evening
because you don't...
Well, you better have cable,
'cause I'm not missing...
I don't want him to come over.
We come together,
daughters of Gaia,
sisters to the moon.
We walk with the darkness,
the wolf at our side,
through the waterfall
of power, to the blackest
heart of eternity.
I think
we should have a bake sale.
I don't know.
You guys like
a bake sale,
right? I mean, we need
money for the dance recital,
and you know
I do an empowering lemon Bundt.
WOMAN:
The most important thing
is the Gaia newsletter.
We need to get the message
of blessing out to the sisters.
Also, who left
their scented candles
dripping all over
my woman-power shrine?
Well, this is... good.
I mean, this is all fun.
You know? But
there's also other stuff that
we might show an interest in
as a Wicca group.
Like what?
Well, there's the wacky notion
of spells.
You know, conjuring,
transmutation.
WOMAN:
Oh, yeah.
Then we could all
get on our broomsticks
and fly around
on our broomsticks.
(laughter)
You know, certain
stereotypes
are not very empowering.
I think that...
WOMAN:
One person's energy can
suck the power
from an entire circle.
No offense.
Well, maybe we could...
Yeah? Tara? Guys,
quiet. Do you have a suggestion?
Okay. Let's talk about
the theme for the Bacchanal.
So not stellar, huh?
Talk. All talk.
Blah, blah, Gaia.
Blah, blah, moon.
Menstrual life
force power thingy.
You know, after
a couple sessions,
I was hoping we would get
into something real, but...
No actual witches
in your witch group?
No. Bunch of
wanna-blessed-bes.
You know,
nowadays, every girl
with a henna tattoo
and a spice rack
thinks she's a sister
of the dark ones.
I'm sorry it was a bust.
I know you were looking to go
further in that department.
I'd just like to
float something bigger
than a pencil some day.
Hey, how's with
you and Riley?
You two seemed pretty
snugly after class.
See above re: talk. All talk.
Do I have to tie
you two together?
We almost, but...
Well, get with it. I need
my vicarious smoochies.
I don't know.
I get nervous,
and I start babbling,
and he starts babbling,
and it's a babble fest.
Plus, every time we talk,
I have to lie.
The slayer thing comes up
one way or another.
I wish I could just come clean.
Well, you can't.
Yeah, I know I can't.
But it bugs me this time.
This is the burden
we bear, brother.
We have a gig that would
inevitably cause any girl living
to think we are
cool upon cool.
Yet, we must Clark Kent our
way through the dating scene,
never to use our
unfair advantage.
Thank God we're pretty.
But it's just, you know,
Buffy's special.
You think she's special?
Wow, first 486 times you
told me, it didn't register,
but now I see that
you think she's special.
See? You're naturally inclined
to talk too much.
I don't have that.
Then get with the kissing.
WOMAN (over P.A.):
...access variable...
Riley Finn.
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE:
Initiative vocal code
match complete.
I don't see why
I have to be tied up.
It's just while I'm sleeping.
Like I'd bite
you, anyway.
Oh, you would.
Not bloody likely.
I happen to be
very biteable, pal.
I'm moist and delicious.
All right.
Yeah, fine.
You're a nummy treat.
And don't you forget it.
(in high-pitched voice):
Xander, don't you care about me?
Shut up.
We never talk.
Shut up!
(sing-songy):
Xan-der.
Shut up!
"They need to take seven."
Take seven what?
(knock on door)
Olivia. Here.
Sorry I'm so late.
The flight was a horror.
Oh, no. Bad weather?
Baseball movie.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Yeah. That's enough small talk,
don't you think?
(crickets chirping)
(rhythmic clicking)
(indistinct whisperings)
(whispering
and clicking continue)
(exhales loudly)
(whispering continues)
(both exhale loudly)
(exhales loudly)
(whispering continues)
(loud, indistinct whispering)
(whispering stops)
(birds singing)
(sighs)
(toilet flushing)
(water running)
(loud panting)
(sniffles)
(door closes)
(vocal silence)
(clears her throat)
(door opening)
(vocal silence)
(silence)
(touch tones sounding)
(telephone ringing)
(vocal silence, sighs)
(vocal silence)
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE:
Retinal scan accepted.
(elevator whirring)
(loud rattling)
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE:
Vocal code not accepted.
Please state your name
for vocal identification.
(exhales loudly)
Vocal code not accepted.
Unauthorized beings
will be considered hostile.
Please commence
vocal identification
in the next 20 seconds
to avoid countermeasures.
(beeping)
Override code incorrect.
(touch tones sounding)
Lethal countermeasures engaged.
(rhythmic beeping)
(whoosh)
(birds singing)
(woman crying)
(crying)
(glass shatters)
(car horn honking,
engine revving)
(dog barking)
(siren blaring)
(distant honking)
(indistinct voice on TV)
(fingers snapping)
MAN (on TV):
We have this breaking news item
from Sunnydale, California.
Apparently, the entire town
has been quarantined
due to an epidemic of--
as strange
as this may sound-- laryngitis.
It seems the town has been
rendered unable to speak.
There's no word yet
what might have caused this
or what other effects might be
seen from this epidemic.
Local authorities have
issued a statement--
a written statement,
I should say--
blaming recent flu vaccinations.
A few skeptics call it
a citywide hoax.
In the meanwhile, Sunnydale
has effectively shut down.
All schools and businesses will
be closed for the time being.
And residents are advised
to stay home and rest up.
The Centers for Disease Control
have ordered the entire town
quarantined.
No one can go in or out
until the syndrome is identified
or the symptoms disappear.
We'll bring you more on that
as it develops.
MALE AUTOMATED VOICE:
Because there will
be chaos.
You will help keep order.
Dress as civilians.
A military presence
would only increase panic.
We are looking into it.
Go. Help maintain order.
We will find an answer.
(bones crack,
metal clanking)
(glass shattering, thudding)
(sirens wailing)
(door creaks open)
(chains clinking)
(metallic clinking)
(gasps)
(chains clinking)
(knocking)
(vocal silence)
(squishy whooshing)
(rhythmic whirring and clanking,
heartbeats)
(light clapping)
(birds singing)
(quiet sobbing)
(blinds squeaking)
(classical music playing)
(knuckles crack)
(music crescendos)
(fingers snapping)
*
(chairs creak)
(guns clicking)
(dog barking faintly)
(thud)
(crickets chirping)
(distant barking)
(chains clinking)
(knocking)
(door closing)
(neck snaps)
(panting)
(loud, rapid knocking)
(knocking)
(gasps)
(heart beating)
(chains clinking)
(running, loud panting)
(door opening)
(panting)
(wind whipping)
(electrical popping)
(chains jingling)
(rope creaking)
(loud thudding)
(gulping)
(sighs)
(thud)
(blows landing)
(door slamming)
(loud banging on door)
(loud banging on door continues)
(banging continues)
(clattering)
(loud banging continues)
(loud scraping and whirring)
(banging)
(banging stops)
(panting)
(rhythmic clicking)
(loud breathing)
(electrical popping)
(whirring)
(chains clinking)
(bell ringing)
(metallic scraping)
(whooshing and whirring)
(screaming)
(splattering)
(rhythmic clicking)
MAN:
At the research library.
WILLOW:
You were there looking for me?
I thought maybe
we could do a spell,
make people talk again.
I-I'd seen you
in the-the group,
the W-Wicca group.
You were... you were
different than them.
I mean, they didn't
seem to know...
What they were talking about?
I think if they saw a witch,
(laughing):
they would, um,
run the other way.
How long have you
been practicing?
Always. I mean,
since I, um, was little.
My-my mom used to.
She, um...
She had a lot of power,
like you.
Oh, I'm not... I... I don't have
much in the way of power.
Really. I mean, most
of my potions come out... soup.
Besides, spells going awry,
friends in danger.
I'm definitely nothing special.
No, you are.
So, would you say this was,
um, your best visit ever?
All the time
you used to talk to me
about witchcraft and darkness
and the like--
I just thought
you were being pretentious.
Oh, I was.
I was also right.
So everything
you told me was true?
Well, no, um, I
wasn't actually
one of the original members
of Pink Floyd, but...
about the monster stuff, yes.
Scary.
Too scary?
I don't know.
(indistinct chatter)
(knocking)
Hi.
Well...
I guess we have to talk.
I guess we do.
Grr. Argh.